Chisel 3
=======
Chisel is a mod for Minecraft which adds aesthetic blocks to the game through the use of a chisel.  

Originally created by
AUTOMATIC_MAIDEN, it was ported to Minecraft 1.7.2 by asie, and maintained by Pokefenn during 1.7.10.

The third iteration of the mod means a whole new rewrite from the ground up!

It is maintained by [Cricket](github.com/TheCricket)

Pull Requests
---------------

Pull requests with new features, translations, and bugfixes are very welcome. Please make sure to always submit PRs against the ***dev*** branch, not master.

Do not make PRs that are solely formatting or other aesthetic things.

If your PR is going to take a lot of work, it may be best to make an issue so we can discuss the feature before you create it.

Adding Blocks to a Variant Family via Tag
---------------

In Chisel 3, you can add external blocks to an existing `VariantFamily` using block tags. This is particularly useful for modpack developers who want to unify similar blocks from different mods under a single Chisel family.

Each `VariantFamily` is associated with a tag, typically following the pattern `c:chisel/<family_name>`. 

To add a block to a family:
1. Identify the tag used by the family (e.g., `c:chisel/aluminum` for the Aluminum family).
2. Create or modify a datapack to include your block in that tag.
   - The tag file should be located at `data/c/tags/block/chisel/<family_name>.json`.
3. Example of adding a block to the `aluminum` family:
   ```json
   {
     "values": [
       "minecraft:iron_block"
     ]
   }
   ```
   *Note: This would allow you to chisel an Iron Block into any variant in the Aluminum family and vice versa.*

See the [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) file for more details.

Issue Reporting
----------------
If you wish to report an issue with the mod, please submit one to the issue tracker in this repository.  When creating an
issue, please be sure to include:

- The version of Chisel 3 you are using ("latest" is not an acceptable version)
- The version of NeoForge you are using
- If applicable, the crash report (preferably via [Pastebin](http://pastebin.com/)). generated by the error
- Depending on the error, an image of the problem
